Add note about tuning KubeSpawner.http_timeout (#14)
IBM/jupyter-tools: docs/configuration.md

  consecutiveFailureLimit: 0
```

<a name="increase-http-timeout"></a>
### Increase http_timeout

[`c.KubeSpawner.http_timeout`](https://jupyterhub.readthedocs.io/en/stable/api/spawner.html#jupyterhub.spawner.Spawner.http_timeout)
defaults to 30 seconds. During scale and load testing we have seen that sometimes
we can hit this timeout and the hub will delete the server pod but if we had just waited a few seconds more it
would have been enough. So if you have node capacity so that pods are being created, but maybe they are just
slow to come up and are hitting this timeout, you might want to increase it to something like 60 seconds. This
also seems to vary depending on whether you are using `notebook` or `jupyterlab` / `jupyter-server`, the type of

> backing storage for the user pods (PVCs or shared [object] storage file system), and how many and what kinds of

Reviewer: We don't need to mention PVCs here as they're just an abstraction used by Kubernetes (not an either-or type of thing, we use PVCs with our s3fs setup).  I think really this just needs to call out s3fs in particular as being slow.

Author: ```suggestion
backing storage for the user pods (i.e. s3fs shared object storage is known to be slow(er)), and how many and what kinds of
```

How about this wording?
